Lungs:
fire lung - breathes fire
chilled lungs - creates a few sheets of snow in your hand, common

Heart:
unwavering heart - when dead, keeps beating and slowly heals you. If you go over -100 health, you come back alive. Body visibly shakes during this process.
maybe nick cursed heart [should probably leave cursed heart to lavaland but similar organs could be neat]

Liver:
psycho liver - action: injects a random reagent into you on a regenerative amount
alcoholic liver - removes any damage from alcohol

Appendix:
simplemob fighting organ - when you're in crit, an organ pops out of you (probably appendix?) and fights everyone but you!

Brains:
invisible friend
Crazy - randomly cycles through all traumas

Stomach:
iron stomach - can eat anything, and I mean anything.

Eyes:
x-ray lmao
predator's eyes - gives you a toggle that turns on thermal vision but makes your vision red (think goggle colors) and deals eye damage that heals over time when not in use (think clockwork cult), rare

Ears:
hypersensitive ears - hear through walls and/or hear whispers at normal volume, common
around-the-globe lobes - can understand every language HEARD, but cannot speak, read, or write them, uncommon

Tails:
helicopter tail - makes you run faster for a short time.
Space movement
hooktail - lets you shoot out a projectile that acts like meathook but doesn't deal any damage, common

Tongue:
chameleon tongue - allows you to shoot a tentacle-esk projectile that licks on hit and nothing else, common
wise tongue - whenever you ingest a chemical, you know what you ingested. for example, drink out of an unlabelled beaker and you get a subtle message saying it's mannitol, rare

Trait effects:
Needy - Can't be removed
Bloodthirsty - Slightly lowers your maximum blood capacity, but also slightly increases your natural blood regen rate. Stacks with other bloodthirsty organs. Also deals slightly more damage in cell combat.
Social - Whispers small sentences. Can be anywhere from cute to very creepy depending on what's said.

MISC:
Tamagotchi Crate - moderately pricey crate that contains a starter kit for your very own cell culture tamagotchi. Wouldn't have advanced equipment but could let an assistant keep a culture just for tamagotchi reasons, and maybe get a common organ if they spend long enough on it
Organ Sets - multiple organs with the same theme, possibly adds new effects if you have multiple of a set
Make multiple organs have similar/same requirements so it's possible for the organ generating process to fill out its rarity list (3/2/1 common/uncommon/rare)
